* Mama told me
not to sell work *
* Mama *
* 17 five, same color T-shirt
* White *
* Mama told me
not to sell work *
* Mama *
* 17 five, same color T-shirt
* Do it for the culture
* Culture *
* They gon' bite like vultures
* Vultures *
* Way back when I was
trapping out Toyotas... *
(distant bang)
Hello?
* Space coupe, Quavo Yoda
Is anyone there?
* On my own, sir
* Heard you gon' clone, sir
* Stop all that flexin'
* Young ...
don't want to go there *
* Never been a gopher
but I always been a soldier *
* Young ... in the cut
* Posted like a vulture
* Divin' off the stage...
(music shuts off)
(panting)
Step back. Now.
Whoa.
Sorry to scare you. I-I just...
You were just what?
Well, I-I was... not...
You can tell it to me,
or you can tell it
to the police.
The police? I'm sorry, okay?
I was just... I was gonna
ask you for your phone number.
Please, don't
call the cops.
Or hit me.
(exhales)
I'm sorry.
I really got to stick
to the dating apps.
(laughs)
I mean, they may
damage my ego,
but there's never any chance
of physical violence.
(gunshots)
Oh, my God.
*
Hey. Thanks
for doing this.
Not a problem.
(sighs) I just didn't want
to have to deal with...
You don't have
to say any more.
Well, thank you.
Is that all of it?
Everything from the house.
I told your Realtor
we'd come back tomorrow
and empty the garage.
If you want,
I can take it to storage.
Don't need it.
Secured all my
weapons and ammo.
Kids took what
they wanted.
(sighs heavily)
The rest of this goes
to the homeless shelter.
Maybe I just hold onto it
until you...
I'm good.
Done. It all gets donated.
(sighs)
Except the tools.
I'm holding onto
the tools for you.
Damn crazy if you think we're
out here just giving tools away.
Thanks, Tom.
(Deeks exhales sharply)
Son of a...
Almost impressive.
Mosley, hey.
Sorry, uh...
Assistant Director Executive...
Director Executive
of Assist...
I'm pretty sure there's...
(chuckles)
...there's a "Director"
and an "Assistant"
in there somewhere.
I'm sorry,
am I fired again?
How long would you keep talking
if no one stopped you?
Many before you
have searched
for the answer
to that very question.
And, just for the record,
I would have had to rehire you
in order to fire you again,
which I didn't do,
because I don't normally
hire people
that don't take care
of their appearance.
Oh, no, no, no, thi-this is...
I was undercover as a...
as a homeless...
I can... I'll lose this.
Gone. Consider it gone.
Please, just don't send me back
to the K-9 unit.
And, no, that is not
a figure of speech.
Why do you want
to work here, Mr. Deeks?
Wow. All right.
No cocktails,
no dancing--
just gonna get
right in there, huh?
Why NCIS?
Um, you know, it's where
my passion lies.
I'm very passionate about
investigating and defeating
the criminals and terrorists
and the foreign-intelligence
threats
across the, uh, United States
Navy and Marine Corps.
BOTH: Ashore, afloat,
and in cyberspace.
Yeah.
Did you just recite the NCIS
mission statement to me?
(laughs):
Oh, did I do that?
I didn't even notice,
'cause it's just so
deeply ingrained in the fabric
of who I am at this point.
I'm sorry, did you
just... you smile?
Does that mean I just
bought myself another day?
Can you make that shot?
Can I make that shot?
(scoffs)
Right here.
Does a bear poop
in the woods?
Don't answer that.
Of no consequence.
Cash. Ooh!
Impressive. Looks like you just
got yourself another day
working with your fiancée.
Oh, yeah, with my fiancée.
Nice. All right,
what about you?
How 'bout me what?
Go ahead and take a shot.
Do I look like a girl that's
gonna take a shot right now?
Do you see what I'm wearing?
Do you see what I have on?
I mean, you look...
you look very nice,
if that's what you mean.
Thank you.
All right, I get it.
You're obviously
very intimidated
by my, uh, perfect
form and shooting.
"Intimidated"?
Intimidated...
How about three years
at UConn, varsity?
Google it.
(door shuts)
UConn, huh?
Is that a community college?
(ball swishes through net)
(muffled gunshots)
(shell casing clatters on floor)
Morning.
KENSI:
What's going on, Hidoko?
Good morning.
Care for some morning
shooting range fun?
I was just
finishing up.
Come on, a little
game of H-O-R-S-E.
Whoever wins picks
the lunch spot.
I really should get going.
We'll let you go first.
You can pick the target.
Really, I'm good.
Oh, well, top of the morning
to you, Agents Callen,
Blye, Hidoko.
Who won the shooting
contest?
KENSI:
No shooting.
Is there a case on deck?
There is a case on deck.
Thanks.
Okay.
This morning,
Navy Lieutenant Naomi Elder
was shot and killed
at a downtown aquatic center
directly after finishing
her workout.
Where was she stationed?
She was on leave
from the Naval Computer
and Telecommunications
Area Master Station Pacific.
That's at Joint Base
Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
It's an impressive facility.
I was there a few years back.
What was the
lieutenant's job?
Uh, she worked with
a small, elite unit
monitoring and cataloguing
classified naval
intelligence communications.
Was she traveling
with any navy property?
According to here
commanding officer, no.
She was never issued
a navy laptop or cell phone.
She was only traveling
with personal items.
She was driving a car
registered to Keith
and Lynn Stiger
of Silver Lake.
Apparently, the lieutenant
was staying with them.
Any witnesses
to the shooting?
Uh, yes. LAPD has him
at the scene now.
Sam and I'll go to
the Stigers' house,
look into the victim.
Why don't you and Kensi
go over to the crime scene?
That work for you?
Yeah. I'll inform
E.A.D. Mosley.
So, just to clarify,
you didn't know
Lieutenant Elder at all?
No. Never even
seen her before.
You know, I felt the bullet
go past my arm.
Why were you standing so close
to her when she was shot?
She was beautiful.
Oh.
Look, I've never been
great with girls IRL,
but when I saw her,
I knew that I needed
to work up the nerve to walk
over and get her phone number.
We were just talking,
and then...
I'm sorry.
So, did anything
stand out to you?
Anything out of the ordinary
before the shooting?
No. Sorry.
It's okay.
Thank you.
If you think of
anything, let us know.
Wait a minute.
It was red.
What was?
Right after it happened,
there was a...
there was a bright flash
of red.
A reflection.
A reflection over there,
behind Lieutenant Elder
on the pool tile?
Yeah.
Yeah, I saw that flash red,
and then it was gone.
I'm sorry, I can't
remember anything else.
No, that was helpful.
Thanks.
Thank you.
So, what do you think?
Laser aiming device
on a sniper rifle?
Yeah, could be.
Ryan's lucky
he didn't get hit.
She was wearing
a red suit, right?
A sighting laser
would also be red,
which explains why
he didn't see it
when he was talking to her.
Yeah.
So Lieutenant Elder
was standing right there,
and Ryan said that
he felt the bullet
pass by his right arm.
And when her body
fell in the water,
he saw the red light
over there.
I'm thinking the sniper was in
that building across the street.
DEEKS:
Wow.
Why would a sniper
go through that much trouble
to kill this victim?
It's not just any victim.
It's a navy lieutenant.
On U.S. soil.
Yeah.
That's...
that's not good.
Not good at all.
Rolled by your house
this morning.
Checking up on me?
No, I figured I'd bring you
a jar of blended dandelions
or elk's heart
or whatever it is
(chuckles)
you have for breakfast
these days.
I'm good on the elk's heart.
Uh-huh.
When were you gonna tell me
about the "for sale" sign?
When it sells.
What, you get
a new place?
I don't think I need
a house anymore.
Wait a second, you were
on me for years
about buying a place.
Yeah, it was good for you.
You needed to
set down some roots.
Yeah, what about you?
I did that.
Now it's time for me
to move on.
What? To where?
I don't know.
If you need a place to stay
while you're figuring
this all out,
I got plenty of room.
There's no big old roots
to clog things up.
I appreciate that.
*
It's where I'd take
the shot from.
(over comm):
Floor's closed for remodeling.
Shooter was pretty smart
to take the shot from there.
I mean, there's no surveillance
in the pool itself,
but I saw cameras
at all the entrances to the pool
and every hallway,
which means there's no way
he can get in and out cleanly.
Lots of privacy for the shooter.
Huh. Not seeing any great angles
to the pool here.
I...
Hold on.
I got the sniper's blind.
Hey, could you stand
on Lieutenant Elder's mark?
DEEKS:
How's that?
Little left.
Your other left, sweetheart.
There. There.
Here? Here?
That's fine. Just...
Wow. Okay.
This wasn't a clean shot.
There are columns
and steel window dividers
to be accounted for,
and a total shot of...
358 yards.
I mean, factor in the wind and
elevation change to target...
So you got two center mass hits,
no misses, from there.
I mean, I got to be honest,
shooter's pretty good.
I'd say better than pretty good.
I think we're dealing
with a professional.
Highly-trained one at that.
(voice breaking):
I know that Naomi had a really
important job with the navy,
but I can't believe that anyone
would want to kill her.
How long
have you known her?
We were college
roommates.
They're like sisters.
Yeah, we all stayed
in San Diego after college,
but Naomi got
transferred to Hawaii,
and Lynn and I moved to L.A.
We saw each other
every chance we got.
She was using our house
as home base for this trip.
She was traveling?
Yeah, local trips, like,
one or two nights each.
Ventura, Carlsbad, Big Bear.
But this morning, last night,
nothing out of the ordinary?
No. Nothing.
She was stoked
'cause she found this incredible
pool to work out in.
She left before the sun came up.
(quietly):
It'll be okay.
Do you mind if we have a look
through Naomi's belongings?
Uh, not at all.
Here, I'll show you guys
the guest room.
SAM: Hang in
there. Just...
Just up there.
Thank you.
Yeah.
HIDOKO:
Commander James Miyazaki
will be on momentarily.
He was Lieutenant Elder's
Elder's department head
at Joint Base
Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
(computer chirps)
Commander Miyazaki,
we are very sorry for your loss.
Thank you, Assistant Director.
I'd like to assist you
in any way that I can.
Commander, as we proceed
with this death investigation,
it is very obvious that
the perpetrator was skilled.
This was not a random killing.
Do you know why
Lieutenant Elder
might have been
a specific target?
When I heard about the murder, I
asked myself the same question.
And no, I don't know why
anyone would want to kill her.
The lieutenant was well liked
on base.
No history of substance abuse,
no debts that we know about.
She was very squared away.
And what about your team's work?
Would she have been exposed
to any foreign threats?
The NCTAMS-PAC is the world's
largest communication station.
A multitude of highly-classified
and politically-sensitive
material passes
through our station every day,
but our work is done quietly
and in the background.
Lieutenant Elder was never
personally at risk.
And was she expected
to do any naval duties
while on the mainland?
She was set to meet
with some defense contractors,
but I had
to cancel those meetings
a few days ago due
to scheduling conflicts.
And we were told
that she was not in possession
of a government computer,
correct?
That's correct. It's still here
at her workstation.
Okay. That's all for now,
Commander.
Please, keep me informed
as the investigation progresses.
I will, and again,
we are sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
Check in with
Callen and Sam
and see if they can
find a personal laptop.
She probably brought
something with her.
Mm-hmm.
Copy that.
KENSI:
No shells,
no footprints.
Yeah, got no water bottles,
not even a Twinkie wrapper.
All right, we've
got to figure out
how the shooter
got out of here.
You think we're ever
gonna hear from Hetty?
Uh...
I... I hope so.
Why did you think
of that right now?
Everything seems so
different without her,
and Granger's gone,
and now we got
Mosley and Hidoko.
Just, you know.
(quietly):
I mean, do you think
she really retired?
No. I mean, I want
to say no, okay?
I don't think that
she would have up and left
without saying anything
to anybody.
Yeah, but it's
different this time.
I mean, she didn't
speak to anybody.
I know. I know. I know.
Things are changing.
Yeah, well, then, maybe we
should take that as a sign.
Sign of what?
Maybe it's... time
to take the next step.
You know, maybe
it's time to take...
Maybe it's time to
take our next step.
I know. I know.
I know. I know. I know.
Yeah, listen, I'm not saying
that you have to quit
this job that you love,
'cause that would be selfish,
and I wouldn't say that.
But maybe it's time...
that I do.
No, because that would be
selfish of me,
and plus, what would you do?
Honestly, I have no idea,
but what I do know is that...
(sighs)
...you know,
whatever job I take,
I'm just not gonna be
coming in contact with people
that are constantly trying
to shoot me.
I just, I can't imagine,
you know, kissing our daughter
good-bye in the morning,
and then we spend the rest
of the day
wondering if one of us
is gonna get shot.
Did you...
did you say daughter?
Did I not mention that before?
Little...
Little Princess Sunshine Deeks?
No.
(laughs)
You don't like that name?
No!
That name's fantastic.
Um, I...
It's my great uncle.
Yeah. No, um,
how about Athena?
Really?
Yes!
Athena?
Lieutenant Elder's department
head doesn't seem to think
she was targeted due to her job.
You're think
we're looking for something
from her personal life?
Maybe.
Check this out.
Three shirts, skirt,
pair of jeans.
Hmm?
Her dress uniform.
Yeah.
Seems to me that a lieutenant
who has a meeting
with defense contractors
might want to bring it.
She would.
There just isn't much here.
Maybe she has a fear
of overpacking.
Check it out.
Does it have
a memory card?
I don't see any.
Hey, Eric?
ERIC (over comms):
Yeah, Callen.
Yeah, I found a gaming device.
It's a... ZM-847?
Oh. That's a powerful one.
Actually, my personal favorite
in the portable gaming space.
CALLEN:
Can you store data on this,
or is it just for playing games?
Mm. Do either of you have one
of those tiny little
Phillips-head screwdrivers?
Yeah, I got one.
Great. See those two screws
on the back? Unscrew 'em.
You serious?
Yeah.
CALLEN:
Very impressive.
I'm prepared.
Great. Now pop open
that back cover.
There should be an internal
microSD slot.
Yup, and it's got a card in it.
Great. Pop that puppy out.
Now all you need is
a place to play it.
Yeah, I might.
Yeah, there's a flat screen.
That's the Chinese border.
These are classified
surveillance briefs.
This thing goes back
for years.
Daily plans,
action reports.
Potential target lists.
There's no way they
let these leave the base.
She either smuggled 'em out,
or she was unknowingly a mule.
Big risk if she
smuggled this out.
It's a risk that
got her killed.
Door.
Shooter ended up here.
Well, if he took
that stairwell.
No. Stairwell was
the best bet. Think about it.
All the floors
were operational,
and he ran the risk
of employees in the elevators.
But you can't stash
the car down here,
because there's cameras at
the exits. He'd know that.
Yeah. Ah.
Yeah.
I'm seeing it.
Doorframe.
So, this is not
just the escape route. This is
how he got in the building.
He taped the latch.
(door squeaks)
Easy.
(Deeks whistles)
Well, somebody went through
here on a motorcycle.
Yeah, it's a great way to escape
traffic if things go sideways.
Just send this
up to Ops.
(cell camera clicks)
Uh, so, I always figured
that your imaginary child
would be a boy.
Oh, no. I mean,
little dudes are cool,
but have you ever seen those
tiny Channel Islands surfboards
in pink with, like,
a little pink wetsuit?
(laughing):
I mean, come on.
Game over.
Sorry to break it to you,
but not all girls
like pink. I didn't.
Hey, that's a shocker.
I'm just saying, I think that I
would be a great mom to a boy.
Good to know.
In this... hypothetical
conversation that we're
having about...
Hypothetical
conversation. Just. No...
...out here today... So...
Good talk.
Castor?
Uh, hey, guys.
This is Naval Intelligence
Officer Frank Peralta.
Thanks for picking him up.
Hi. How are you?
Good day.
Thanks. You, too.
Good to meet you.
Thanks for jumping into this
right away.
Not a problem.
There was over 3.5 gigs of data
on that microSD card,
so I was only able
to go through a small portion
of the documents.
What'd you find?
You guys were right.
Lieutenant Elder
was in possession
of highly classified
surveillance practices,
results, targets
and schedules.
Now, this information did go
through Joint Base
Pearl Harbor-Hickam,
but it's still unclear if she
even had access to this stuff.
What's the value of this
information on the open market?
High value.
If the Chinese found out
about our entire
surveillance operation,
we'd have massive
national security issues.
All right.
Well, let's say she didn't
unknowingly transport this,
but she smuggled it out with
the intent to sell the intel.
Who's the most likely buyer?
Multiple interested parties.
In fact, she'd probably
have a bidding war
if that's the route she took.
Multiple parties interested
in the same information.
That could explain
why she was killed.
Yeah. When I was scanning
the SD card,
I discovered one copy was made
yesterday, around noon.
That could be the copy
she was gonna sell.
Or already sold.
Well, whoever killed her,
they're the key to finding
that copy.
Well, I don't have to tell you
that we need to get
that copy back... immediately.
Kensi and Deeks got
a pretty good image
of the motorcycle tire track,
but it hasn't been easy
to match.
System's still running it.
She's too...
I don't know, nice?
Whatever it is,
I don't like it.
Nice? I would not
call her nice.
Pleasant, maybe.
She practically ran out
of the shooting range
when I went
to go get her.
Yeah, exactly.
Wait. What?
Today.
This morning.
I went to go get her
at the shooting range...
Hold on.
Who are you talking about?
Who are you
talking about?
Mosley.
I was talking about Harley.
Oh, I like Mosley.
Oh, I like Harley.
Interesting.
(computer beeps)
Hey.
Looks like Kensi and Deeks
are looking for the 2017
KTM Duke motorcycle.
The tread matches the
factory installed tires.
Nice work.
All right.
Now I'll do a search
for any KTM bike
within four blocks of the
Aquatic Center within an hour
of the shooting.
Got one.
Just two blocks from
the Aquatic Center,
eight minutes
after the shooting.
Now let's try to find
this specific bike, huh?
Hey, is that him?
What?
Holy...
We just got lucky.
No. That's wasn't luck.
Hey, Deeks, it looks like
the bike you're looking for
was spotted just outside of
downtown in an industrial area.
We are sending the
locations to your phone now.
Got it. Thanks, Nell.
Sorry we had to bring another
unit in to search the place.
Of course. I
don't mind at all.
Whatever you need to do to find
whoever did this to Naomi.
Yeah. How's your wife doing?
She's lying down.
I don't think everything's
really hit her yet.
Yeah. You said they
were like sisters.
Very close.
Uh, I tried to
talk to her.
See if she'd
spoken with Naomi,
if there was anything...
She's not ready
to talk yet.
You don't happen to know
where Lieutenant Elder was
yesterday around noon, do you?
No. Uh, uh, she wasn't here.
I didn't see her
till dinnertime.
Okay.
I'm gonna go check
on my partner.
You know, um...
after you left, I was
thinking through everything.
Uh, Naomi's whole trip out
here... everything.
Uh...
Anything out
of the ordinary?
Uh... no actions.
Nothing I could point to
and say it was
out of character, but...
(scoffs)
You know, it's probably nothing.
Anything would help.
She seemed...
I don't know, distracted.
Like, uh, she was
waiting on something.
And...
Uh, I couldn't really
talk to her.
Everything was on
a surface level,
very vague, uh...
Her workouts, Lynn's art...
I don't want to say secretive,
but...
Anyway, I thought,
I thought I should tell you.
Appreciate it.
Yeah.
If those classified
documents are in that house,
that team will find it.
If a physical copy
still exists.
It could be up
in a cloud by now.
Yeah, but the only
way to find out
if it exists or where
is to find the buyers.
Well, Eric went through
texts, e-mails,
personal phone records.
He didn't find
anything he could use.
Yeah. He also checked
the social media.
She posted about the
trip this past week.
What platform is she on?
Uh, Facebook
and Instagram.
She's more active
on Instagram.
She has a public account.
She posts a lot of pics.
Oh. A public account
on Instagram means anyone
can access your photos
and post comments.
Yeah.
Remember those old stories
about people communicating
through classified ads
in newspapers?
Yeah.
Well, what if she was using
the comment section
of her Instagram account
to communicate
with buyers?
Hey, Eric.
ERIC:
Hey, Callen.
I need you to access
Lieutenant Elder's
Instagram account.
I want to see if she was
communicating with anybody
through the comments section.
Uh-huh, checking now.
Okay. There is one profile,
uh, TO805,
that's been interacting a ton
with Lieutenant Elder's posts,
like, 20 in the last week alone.
You have an ID
on that account?
ERIC:
Yeah. Running ISP records now.
(clicking tongue)
Yeah.
The account belongs to
Geno Preston.
He's local, L.A.
Nice work, Eric.
Send us the address.
ERIC:
Copy that.
What?
Instagram comments?
They have a lot of good
E.D.C. products on there.
Oh, you're a book of
a thousand secrets, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Tell ya a few.
Eric, we're down
in this area,
but there's about a million
places to hide down here.
Is there any way
you could possibly
narrow down that search?
I've only got that one angle
on the motorcycle entering
the industrial area,
but I'm searching other
traffic cameras now.
KENSI:
All right, you got it.
Thank you.
*
G.
(creaks softly)
In position.
Going in the front door.
Bedroom's clear.
I've got Preston.
LAPD and the
coroner are en route.
Preston was tortured
before they killed him.
Whoever searched
this place was trained.
I mean, they went
through everything.
Well, the logical timeline
is they tortured him,
they killed him, then
they searched the place.
Yeah, well, if that holds,
then he either didn't know
where the stolen intel is,
or he didn't want
to tell them.
This place doesn't scream
international spy.
Yeah, but what
house ever does?
Yours.
(chuckles)
Funny.
Ah.
Here we go.
Looks like Lieutenant Elder
and Preston were in
a relationship.
This picture's got to be
about two years old.
Yeah, well, I got her
dress uniform in here.
And her toiletries
in the bathroom.
Okay. So Elder wasn't going
to Ventura or Carlsbad,
or taking short trips.
She was here with Preston.
Stiger never said anything
about her having a boyfriend.
Maybe staying here
was just a cover.
Was he an innocent boyfriend?
Or was he a player
working with her?
Well, either way, he ended up
dead, just like she did.
Whoo, found the motorcycle.
Hey, nice work.
Thanks.
There are no building
numbers in this footage,
and everything looks the same
in this industrial section.
NELL:
Yeah. Wait a second.
What's that?
W-G-D.
There's a Westside Graphic
Design listed right there.
Nice. Okay, Kens.
Yeah, what's up, Nell?
So the last known location
of the motorcycle
was near this
ten-story building.
I believe it's just
on your right.
All right. We're
heading in there now.
Will your new office
be Hetty's old office?
(laughs)
This is hardly an office,
it's more like an alcove.
I don't think there's a
decent office in this space.
It's an interesting
building.
I kind of like it.
Yeah. I don't know.
I just thought everything
in Los Angeles was
supposed to be new and fresh.
This place even smells old.
Hmm. Well, Henrietta made do,
adapted to the building.
Well, I have a crew coming
to build me my own office.
The building can adapt to me.
And I don't
think Henrietta
was the type
of person to adapt.
I think she knew exactly
what she was doing.
She wanted her team
accessible to her at all times,
and her accessible
to her team.
Makes sense.
Yeah. Do you have
a sitrep for me?
Yes, ma'am. Callen
and Sam believe
that Lieutenant Elder
was involved
with a man
named Geno Preston.
Kensi and Deeks
tracked the motorcycle
they believe belongs
to the sniper
to an industrial park
in the downtown...
How do they work together?
Elder and Preston
or Callen and Sam?
All of them,
these guys, the team.
HIDOKO:
Seamlessly.
So do you think it would be
a mistake to break them up?
Is that still the plan?
Yes.
Plans change.
Some do, some don't.
(car approaching)
(distant engine revs)
Kens.
(engine revving)
(gunfire)
KENSI:
Get in, Deeks!
Go!
(shouts)
Son of a bitch!
Go, go, go!
(tires screeching)
(tires screech)
(Deeks grunting)
DEEKS:
There's no way out.
They're gonna
come right at us.
Watch your eyes.
(grunts)
There we go.
(revving)
Go!
Oh!
Go, go, go, go,
go, go, go!
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
What? What, what, what?
Engine's dead.
Wow.
Yeah, that's not good
for the resale.
Hey.
I really wish we could've worked
out our differences with words.
Do we have an identification
on the shooters?
Yep. We've got them entering
the country at LAX last week.
Looks like they were traveling
on fake passports
under the names
of recently deceased men.
MOSLEY: Classy. What else
do we know about these guys?
NELL:
Well, their flights to L.A.
originated in
the Philippines,
but it looks like they flew
there from Shenzhen, China.
ERIC: So these guys came
into L.A. to either do a deal
with Lieutenant Elder
for the stolen intel
or just to kill her?
If they came just to kill her,
it's becoming apparent that
she was in business with them
prior to this.
(indistinct radio chatter)
You guys okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. No, we're good.
Car's dead, though.
Your new car is dead?
Okay, first of all,
the car's not dead,
it's a little dinged up.
A little dinged up? Really?
And second of all,
it's not new.
We've had it for a year.
Well, a year
is still kind of new.
I mean, what have we had
the Challenger? Five years?
We got a new one last year.
What?
I didn't notice.
ERIC: Guys, I got
a hit on the third motorcycle.
It's exiting the 101
on Silver Lake Boulevard.
They're headed
to the Stigers' house.
We're on it.
Sir, we need to commandeer
that vehicle.
There's the bike.
(gunshot in distance)
(quietly):
Entering through the front.
LYNN: Help!
Help us!
Help us, please!
Help-- Keith's shot.
He's up there. He's-- he...
How many are here?
I don't know. He's shot. We...
Shh. Listen to me.
Listen to me.
How many people are up there?
I don't know, uh, j-just one.
H-He... we-- he just walked
in. We were watching TV.
Go, go with them.
Sam? There's one shooter inside.
He took out Keith Stiger.
I'm going up.
(gunfire continues)
(groaning)
I got Keith Stiger.
Eric, I need an ambulance.
You're okay, I got you.
Where's Lynn?
She's okay. She's coming.
(shouts)
She's okay.
Hi-- oh, no.
Please-- Keith.
Please, help him.
KENSI: An ambulance
is on the way.
(Keith grunting)
LYNN: Oh, God.
Why is this happening?
A-Are you okay,
are you hurt?
No, I-I'm fine.
God.
(Keith groaning)
It's okay. You're safe now.
You're safe.
Thank you.
I don't know how to repay you,
but I will.
Just take it easy until
the ambulance gets here.
You're okay.
Take it slow.
Are you okay?
(Keith panting)
14 different
forms. Really?
It takes 14 forms for
them to fix our car?
Yeah, there are lot
of bullet holes in it.
It needs a new windshield.
Engine took some rounds, too.
Right. Exactly. So
that's like a five-form
filler-upper fixer-outer, tops.
MOSLEY: Or we don't have to fix
your car at all, we can just
pull an old Caprice
from the motor pool.
Oh. No, no. 'Cause
we like our car.
Actually, we love my car.
(chuckles)
Like what you've done
with the place.
Well, it's a work in progress.
So, uh, after, uh,
the federal K-9 unit
went through the Stigers' house,
they went through Preston's.
And, uh, they found a duffle bag
with a $100,000 in cash in it.
Intelligence
at Pearl Harbor-Hickam
found a cloud account set up
in Lieutenant Elder's name.
A copy of all of the classified
intel was there.
So Lieutenant Elder had the
classified intel and the cash.
Correct.
So it looks like Preston
and Elder really were
trying to double-cross
the Chinese, huh?
Mm, didn't turn out
too well for them.
Do we know if this
is an isolated incident
restricted to Lieutenant Elder,
or if this was part
of a larger espionage ring?
That isn't clear yet.
Because all of Lieutenant
Elder's killers ended up dead.
Yes.
See, when I said
this team was good
but that it could be better,
this is the exact instance
that I was speaking of.
This isn't over for us.
We follow up on every case
and every lead.
Hetty used to support that.
Hmm.
That's why we've had
the long-term success
that we've had.
Lovely.
I'm going back to Washington
for a meeting.
I'm taking Harley with me.
Meetings about us?
Agent Hanna, not everything
is about you.
Just please, try not
to burn the building down
while I'm gone.
That's it.
Ma'am.
Director.
Understood.
So, when you say
that we're all done for today,
does that mean that we're all...
What I mean is you can
fill out the motor pool forms
tomorrow morning.
Right. Just to clarify,
so, by "tomorrow morning," you
mean that I still have a job?
What I mean is
this conversation is over.
For the love of God, let's go.
Yeah, no. Good talk. Go team.
(engine shuts off)
I hope you're gonna tell me that
Hetty moved her boat down here
and she's living on it
happily ever after.
If you think I'm going
spearfishing with you tonight,
you're dreaming. Have you seen
how many shark
sightings there's been?
You don't bother them,
they won't bother you.
Yeah, that's one school
of thought. The other one is,
I stay on dry land,
I don't get eaten
by a great white.
I'm not going
spearfishing tonight.
There's a big swell,
the water's too cloudy.
Again I ask, what
are we doing here?
You're gonna help me
move in my new place,
and I'm gonna buy you a beer.
You're gonna live on a boat?
I do better on the water.
Did you already move in
the rest of your stuff?
This is all of it.
That's it?
That's it.
Huh.
There she is.
CALLEN:
Well, it floats.
I mean, you got that
going for you.
It'll take a minute to get her
in shipshape condition.
It's gonna take a lot of
time and a lot of work.
I don't mind.
Eh, it's actually
not that bad.
We can work with her.
"We"?
Yeah. My inspiration, my
vision, your sweat equity.
She'll be the prettiest boat
on the dock.
SAM: Sweat equity, huh?
Mm-hmm.
What is it,
The Clam Bake?
Uh-uh.
Guess it's got a ring to it.
I'm gonna call her Michelle.
When she's ready,
me and the kids
are gonna take her up to Carmel.
Michelle loved it up there.
I'm gonna sprinkle
her ashes in the water.
What do you say we dump that bag
onboard, go grab that beer?
Sounds good.
Let's do it.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org